SOURCE CODE AND BUILD

This add-on is not bundled, minified, transpiled or generated. Every file in the
package is the source itself, byte for byte identical to the repository, so it
can be read directly with no source submission needed.

To reproduce the package anyway:

1. git clone https://github.com/TiltedLunar123/volume-booster
2. git checkout b520819
3. node tools/build.mjs

Step 3 installs nothing, because the repository has no dependencies at all. It
copies src/ into dist/firefox/, uses src/manifest.firefox.json as manifest.json,
and writes dist/volume-booster-firefox-v1.0.2.zip. No file contents are altered
along the way. Built and verified here with Node 24, using only Node's standard
library.

node tools/build.mjs --check runs the project's own validation, including a
check that fails the build if fetch, XMLHttpRequest, WebSocket, eval or
importScripts ever appear in the shipped scripts.

PERMISSIONS

The content script matches <all_urls> because the audio it controls belongs to
the page, and there is no narrower way to reach a media element on an arbitrary
site. There are no host_permissions, no tabs permission and no tabCapture. The
public description states this in plain words rather than leaving users to infer
it from the install prompt.

storage keeps a map of origin to volume level. activeTab tells the popup which
tab to apply a level to. scripting attaches the content script to a tab that was
already open when the add-on was installed.

DATA

Nothing is transmitted. The add-on makes no network requests of any kind and has
no server, no analytics and no remote configuration, which is why
data_collection_permissions is declared as none. The only thing written to disk
is the origin to level map above, capped at 300 entries, and it never leaves the
device.

WHAT CHANGED IN THIS VERSION

Mostly the back/forward cache. A page restored from it could come back silent,
because the add-on closed its AudioContext on pagehide, and a media element that
has already been through createMediaElementSource cannot be routed a second
time. It now keeps the context when the page is only being cached rather than
discarded, and reopens its port on pageshow. The rest are smaller fixes to
holding a level across a background restart, and to the popup giving up too
early on a slow page. No permissions changed.

TESTING IT

Any page with an audio or video element will do. test/fixtures/media.html in the
repository generates its own tone and needs no network access, so it is a
convenient target.

Two things are expected not to work, so they are not defects:

DRM audio (Netflix, Spotify, Amazon, Apple) cannot be routed through Web Audio
at all. The add-on detects encrypted media and deliberately declines to attach,
because attaching would silence the page permanently with no way to undo it.

Media served from another origin without CORS headers is the same story, since
the resulting node would output silence. The add-on declines there too.

In both cases the popup says which of the two it hit rather than appearing to do
nothing, and reducing volume below 100% still works, because that path sets the
media element's own volume property instead.

Keyboard shortcuts are Alt+Shift+Up, Alt+Shift+Down, Alt+Shift+0 and Alt+Shift+M.
